docs(framework) Update contributor docs accordingly after structuring (#5206)
adap/flower: framework/docs/source/contributor-how-to-release-flower.rst

During the release
------------------

The version number of a release is stated in ``./framework/pyproject.toml``. To release
a new version of Flower, the following things need to happen (in that order):

1. Run ``python3 ./framework/dev/update_changelog.py <YOUR_GH_TOKEN>`` to add all new
   changes to the changelog. You can make manual edits to the changelog afterward to
   improve its formatting or wording. This script will also replace the ``##
   Unreleased`` header with the new version number and current date, and add a thank-you
   message for contributors. Open a pull request with these changes.
2. Once the pull request is merged, tag the release commit with the version number:
   ``git tag v<NEW_VERSION>`` (notice the ``v`` added before the version number), then
   ``git push --tags``. This will create a draft release on GitHub containing the
   correct artifacts and the relevant part of the changelog.
3. Check the draft release on GitHub, and if everything is good, publish it.

After the release
-----------------

Create a pull request which contains the following changes:

> 1. Run ``./framework/dev/update_version.py`` to bump all version numbers across the
>    repository.

Reviewer: Can 
```suggestion
1. Increase the minor version in ``pyproject.toml`` by one and update all files which contain the current version number (if necessary) by running ``./framework/dev/update_version.py``.
```
